# CS-230
The Gaming Room is a client who is requesting the development of a web-based game which serves multiple platforms based on a pre-existing game. The research that I did behind the document was a significant piece to put together the documentation. The design document was helpful developing the code that paired with it because it provided a clear foundation for what was needed. It also helped in being an in-depth reference to what was being asked while developing the application. I would revise the recommendation section due to it including less detail than I would include now looking back at it. I would improve it by going into depth regarding the security requirements. Security is a vital aspect of application development. I interpreted the user’s needs by studying what was being asked and taking that into account when looking at the various platforms and options of software and hardware. It is important to consider the needs of the clients because it is the client bringing their idea to the table. They hire software companies to make their ideas come to life and to earn the trust and have meaningful business relationships, taking those into account is essential. I approach designing software by taking what is being asked, looking at the preexisting requirements and putting the best practices into place. I would use Case Modeling to create a visual of what was required of the program, I would implement design patterns such as what was used in the development phase of this document. Communication with the client would be necessary as well as with the development team. In summary, the request for the web-based application led to the design document being established. In designing the software the pairs with the document, it has been important to look over the client’s needs and ensure all of those needs are fulfilled by implementing industry best practices and bringing in technological knowledge to bring their vision to life.
